# March 25, 2021

## Participants
- Reid Hurlburt
- Brennan
- Grace K
- Chris Ruff

## Activities

- Worked through the tutorial and a few challenges from `https://microcorruption.com/`
- This site teaches the basics of analyzing assembly to find data

### Tutorial

Follow the instructions to learn, through stepping and setting breakpoints, that the code is accepting any 8 character password. Supplying any 8 character string ends the tutorial.

### New Orleans

This one required us to look into the `check_password` subroutine. This function took the string supplied by the user and compared it to a value stored in memory. By simply looking at the hexdump at that memory address we were able to find the required password. The password is different for every user, but is a random sequence of characters that looks something like `RZhV#hl`.

### Sydney

This one was another flaw in the `check_password` subroutine, but this time the password wasn't stored in memory. Instead, the function compared the user-supplied string with some hard-coded ASCII values.

The trick was knowing that the MSP430 using little endian byte ordering, meaning the least significant byte is on the right. This means that when you're reading a pair of ASCII values out of a 4-digit hex value like `0x4232`, you actually need to read the right-most byte first. So, the ASCII value represented by `0x4232` is `3242` = `"2B"`.

Checking the `check_password` function we find that there are four "immediate" values used. They are preceded by `#` and the code looks something like `cmp	#0x6249, 0x0(r15)`. `#0x6249` being a character pair present in the key.

By combining all the character pairs (reading them properly, right-to-left), we got an 8 character password. At this point we can either submit the ASCII version into the textfield, or simply put the combined hex values in. If you are putting the hex values in, be sure to check the "hex encoded input" button.

